---
id: 144
date: '2000-09-18T09:37:00-04:00'
author: DizkoDan
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=144'
permalink: /2000/09/18/144/
ljID:
    - '216'
categories:
    - General
    - Home
    - InfoSec
    - Technology
---

Weekends just aren’t long enough anymore. I had a good weekend, but got nothing done that I wanted too. We went to see the oriole’s get their asses handed to them on Friday. Aside from them sucking so badly, we still had a good time.

I slept till three on Saturday, since I had a total of like 10 hours of sleep all week. Steph and I went out to CPK, then did some shopping, and headed over to a friends place for a party. I was going to attempt round three against the firewall afterwards, but I had zero patience to deal with it, so I decided to just say forget about it, till this week.

Sunday, we went out to look at the new house, itz looking awesome. They have finished the bricks on the front, and we should be ready to do the pre-drywall inspection this week. If they keep on schedule, we should be ready to move in around the first or second week of November.

After the house, we met up with some friends and headed out to the zoo. Coming from that area, I had no idea how to get there, and apparently neither did anyone else in the car, so we wandered around the various ghettoz of dc until we finally stopped and got a map. The zoo is always fun, especially with Steph. The highlight of our trip was Steph saying wouldn’t it be funny if they started doing it. I guess the male took it as a dare, cuz he walked up to the female, lifted her tail, said this will do, and mounted her like a $2 whore.

After the zoo, we all headed back out to Va, and met up at the Macaroni Grill for dinner. Our server sucked, as they do about every other time we go. The food was good though, and itz always good going out with friends.