---
id: 150
date: 2000-09-25T10:12:00-04:00
author: DizkoDan
layout: single
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=150'
permalink: /2000/09/25/150/
ljID:
    - '222'
categories:
    - General
    - Technology
---

Bah!  
this weekend sucked. Friday night I was stuck at work till like 7:30 working on a problem caused by another program that I do not work with. We thought everything was cool, another dept. was running some scripts to automate shutting down the proccess on all the machines, so we were told we could leave. As I am walking out the door, my supervisor stops me and says the director wants us all down in the NOC for something. I was like “fuck that, I’m going home. If he has a problem, tell him to call me.” So I drive back to Va., stop by the pet store, and get back in my car. My cell rings, It’s my manager. He’s like “Dan.. where are you?” I’m like “just about to my house.” He says “you need to come back to work” I ask “why?” he tells me that he needs someone to write scripts, I tell him that I am not a programmer, and would not be of help. His answer, “you’ll learn it then.” I tell him that’s not a good answer, and I am not driving all the way back up there to try and deal with a program that I have never even seen, let alone done admin work on. So he get’s that god complex, and says “so you’re telling me that you are refusing to come in?” I say yes (keep in mind, it’s 8:00 Friday night, I get off work at 5:30). So he’s like “you’re putting me in a bad position here” I say “I’m not putting you anywhere.” so he’s like “fine. This is not over. Have a good weekend.” and hangs up. Why must I put up with this stupid crap? I’m sure I get to have a little meeting with him and the director today, about me not being a team player or some shit. Joy!