---
id: 159
date: 2000-08-10T10:36:00-04:00
author: DizkoDan
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=159'
permalink: /2000/08/10/159/
ljID:
    - '185'
categories:
    - General
    - Hardware
    - Technology
---

Okay, so I’m actually gonna write something semi-meaningful here. Work suckz! I have this big project I am working on, which requires moving some servers from one farm to another. The catch…. The farm the servers are moving to, has no front-end network yet. The farm I’m moving from…. is going to have an internal move, which will require me powering down these servers, which are live monitoring servers.

So last week a run around trying to get ahold of a couple servers to setup as swap machines. After numerous issues, like finding out that each machine only had 1 nic, then finding out that they only had 1 cpu each. We stole another cpu for the primary machine, and found a couple more nics. Looks like life is good, the new farm is supposed to be ready in time. Should be a seamless move.

I come in to work today, and find that Network Ops, fucked up and notified the wrong customers of the downtime that they will have when they activate the new switches in the farm. So they in turn pushed the change back until Saturday night/Sunday morning. Oh, I failed to mention that the move within the farm these servers reside in now, has to happen Sunday evening. So now I’m told that they should have these switches activate d Sunday morning, and I should be able to fail the servers over to the new ones waiting in the new farm.

Now, all of the sudden my manager goes,.. “we need a backup plan”. I’m like look dude, you knew about this shit 2 weeks ago, you shoulda thought about this then. So now he’s all like “you need to find us rack space in one of the other farms, where we can temporarily rack a machine as a backup”. Trying to get rack space in a customer farm here for a “non-profit” machine, is next to impossible. Not to mention, It’s Thursday, and I need this shit ready to go tomorrow!

Bah! Life’s a bitch.