---
id: 67
date: 2001-05-01T13:52:00-04:00
author: DizkoDan
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=67'
permalink: /2001/05/01/67/
ljID:
    - '283'
categories:
    - Automotive
    - General
---

Today sucks!  
Woke up at 9:30… alarm was set to 6:45.  
Showered, left for work. As usual, I’m cruising up the toll rd at normal dan speed (if you know me, you what this is.) I notice an airport cop in the airport express lanes, and just blew him off, cuz 1) he’s a fuckin airport cop! 2) he was in the express lanes, and can’t get out till after the toll.

Let’s backtrack to November ’99….  
Dan is driving into work, at normal dan speed. Dan see’s cop in express lanes. Dan ignores, cop. Dan gets pulled over after express lane ends.

Back to today….  
I go through the toll, and notice the airport cop, pulling out of the express lanes. I continue merging my way across the four lanes to get onto the beltway. On come the lights. I pull over,  
The cop says “I was in the express lanes, and I have been following you for a while. You were driving very fast, and changing lanes excessively. You used your signal sometimes.”  
Me: “Yes, I saw you, and I know I was driving fast. and you are wrong, I ALWAYS USE TURN SIGNALS” (anyone who drives with me knows, people that dont use turn signals rank way high on my list of asshole drivers)  
Cop: “Where are you going in such a hurry?”  
Me: “Work”  
Cop: “What time do you have to be there?”  
Me: “8:30” (Note that this is at 10:30am)  
Cop: “Well, the charge is going to be Reckless Driving General”

So after waiting 10 minutes for him to write up the ticket, he comes back, explains the court nonsense, and tells me to sign. So I do my normal scribble of a signature, and he goes “Is that how you normally sign” (thinking that I’m just doing it like that cuz im pissed.”  
So I say “look at my license,.. you are holding it.”  
Cop: (stuttering)”Well it did not look so messy”  
Me: “whatever, can I go please?”

Now I know that I drive very fast. I totally deserve getting any speeding ticket that I get. BUT.. aside from driving fast, I believe that I am a very good driver. And because I choose to go around people that are in my way, instead of tailing them, this makes me a reckless driver?