---
id: 51
date: '2001-06-03T01:28:00-04:00'
author: DizkoDan
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=51'
permalink: /2001/06/03/51/
ljID:
    - '299'
categories:
    - General
    - Hardware
    - Technology
---

I have had an absolutely shitty day. I have been getting called and paged all damn day. Once again I had to tell NT Techops how to do THEIR fucking job. It gets old. So I finally start to cool off, and relax since the fucktards have not called me in a few hours, so I try to get some work done. I got the new password authentication system up and running for stv. I put some more ram in the WWW server, things are looking better. So then I try to swap some ram out in the FTP server, this is where my night turns back to shit. The module is being a bitch, and wont seat in the slot. So I notice the module is actually seated, it’s the release tab that is fux0red. I bring the box back up, and get no love. Then, smell smoke, and see smoke. The slot is fried, along with the ram. This doesn’t bother me too much, because the machine came back up with that slot empty, and I really don’t give a shit about that box since nothing really important happens on it. Now I decide to setup a new program that I have been using on another box. I am going from term to term checking that permissions and such match. My laziness finally caught up with me… I hit the up arrow a couple times to reuse a command as usual. Instead of this: la ../cgi-bin/ (la is an alias for ‘ls -la’ on my machines)… I accidentally hit enter on: rm -R ../cgi-bin/. Bye-Bye serve-you scripts! You just can’t even imagine how dumb that makes me feel. I mean, I know this shit happens to the best of admins at one time or another, but it still suckz! So of course, I have back-ups of most of the shit, but I had done a shitload of customizations to part of a script, that had not been backed up yet. Oh well,.. life goes on. I can probably do it better the second time around anyhow. So now I’m calm again, and hopefully these fuckz will let me get a good night sleep.