---
id: 26
date: 2003-09-15T05:10:00-04:00
author: DizkoDan
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=26'
permalink: /2003/09/15/26/
ljID:
    - '340'
categories:
    - General
    - Linux
    - Technology
---

It’s been a good weekend. Friday night before I went to work, I decided to get a new server for stvlive &amp; the rest of our personal sites. I had been in contact with someone who wanted to get rid of his server he was leasing at a company called cyberwurx. They have an excellent reputation, and the price he got on the server was fantastic. So I accepted the offer at about 7:30pm. He wrote me back, and told me he passed my info on to cyberwurx to get the ball rolling.

I expected not to hear from them until Monday. I got an email from them about 10 minutes later telling me that they would go ahead and rekick the server for me right away, and gave me the info I needed to register with them. So I sign up, get all my login info for their support stuff, and go shower. When I came back down, there was an email saying my server was online, and giving me my IP’s and passwords. So I got started configuring stuff Friday night at work.

Saturday afternoon we woke up, and went out to dinner with Kevin &amp; his wife. It’s always nice to go out with friends. We don’t get to enough After dinner we came back, and I got back to work on the new server. By about 3:00am I had everything up and running on the server, and decided to do a final rsync of the data, and switch the DNS over. Everything works great, except a couple of minor things I need to work out.

Sunday afternoon we woke up, and drove to Columbia to have dinner with Steph’s family. It’s been a few months since we all went out, so it was really nice to see them. Food was good too! Been working on some fine tuning of things since we got back (minus a dunkin donuts run at about 3:00am). Now I’m doin some updates on my desktop, and goin to bed.