---
id: 40
date: 2003-02-25T20:05:00-04:00
author: DizkoDan
layout: single
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=40'
permalink: /2003/02/25/40/
ljID:
    - '327'
categories:
    - General
---

So I was just able to eat some cream of wheat. My stomach then reminded me that it was the first food I put in it in nearly 24 hours. So I had a carton of yogurt too. So far so good. I can feel my chin again, which means that the novacain is almost completely worn off now. I feel little pain so far. so that makes me happy.

<lj text="Read more"></lj>

The procedure went extremely well. I was nervous az figgity fizzuck. They hooked me up to the monitors, and my heartbeat was skyrocketed. The Dr was like, your more than just a little nervous huh? I was like ummm,.. I’m terrified. So he put some oxygen on me, and got me calm enough to gimmie an IV. It was excellent. I barely noticed it goin in, and I was out cold within seconds of it. Next thing I knew, it was about an hour later and I was in a recovery room with Steph. I couldn’t talk for shit because I was so numb, and I had gauze in my mouth. I tried to [write](http://www.stvlive.com/thoughts/200302/note.jpg) some shit, but that didn’t go so well either cuz I was pretty well toasted still. I came home and took a handful of pillz. Took me a few triez cuz my mouth was completely numb, so most of the water just poured down my face. I was left with a rapidly disolving percocet on my tongue for about 5 triez. After that I was able to sit up at my computer for a few to check my mail, then watched some tevee for a while. I came back down to my computer for a few, and started reading some shit the Dr gave me. Reading the fine print must have been too much for my toasted brain, cuz I got extremely dizzy, lightheaded, and started sweating. I raced upstairs, beat the dog outta my spot on the bed and laid down for a nap. I napped on and off for a few hours, getting up to change gauze in between. I’m feeling okay right now. Hopefully the night wont be awful.

Thanks for your kind words both here and in Steph’s journal. I realy appreciate it.