---
id: 17
title: '( ! )'
date: '2004-07-26T10:51:00-04:00'
author: DizkoDan
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=17'
permalink: /2004/07/26/17/
ljID:
    - '349'
categories:
    - General
    - Home
---

So I found out late on Friday, that there was a mixup in HR as to when I was starting. Originally they were told the 29th, but on my offer letter I said the 26th. So they weren’t ready for me to start yet. I might start tomorrow or Weds, but maybe not till Thurs. Which is completely fine by me, as I have plenty of other shit to do to in the meantime. This weekend, I caught up on some sleep Saturday, but then completely lost it again Saturday night. I hopefully made up for it today, and will be on track for a “normal” schedule this week. I finished building all the new furniture with the exception of a shelf that I need to get more anchors for today. I also need to swap out Steph’s two shelves with the new one’s. There are still a ton of books on the floor in here, but they should be put away fairly soon. I have to move all of my shit from the old drawers into the new one’s, and that will pretty much be it. The new furniture looks awesome, and it really makes the room look bigger even though it takes up more real estate.

Yesterday I helped some friends move to their new apt. It went a lot quicker than we all expected, but I’m definitely a bit sore from going up and down 3 flights of stairs about 100 times. The cool thing is that they moved right around the corner from my new job, and Steph works around the corner as well, so hopefully we’l all get to hang out a lot more.

Today, I am going to pick up some shit from ho depot, and try to finish up in the office. Hope you all had a great weekend.