---
id: 14
date: 2004-08-05T17:22:00-04:00
author: DizkoDan
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=14'
permalink: /2004/08/05/14/
ljID:
    - '350'
categories:
    - General
    - Linux
    - Technology
---

I’ve been working at my new job for a week now, and It’s been pretty cool. I have finally gotten most of my shit setup, and I’m just waiting on a couple of little things to get done. I’ve spent most of this week setting up a PXE kickstart server for our labs. One of my ongoing projects is upgrading (reinstalling) an asston of legacy RH servers, as well as migrating others. So this was the first thing I wanted to get done, as it will save me lots of man hours. People pretty much leave me alone and let me work, so It’s a nice change. I have some summer hire sitting in my office right now, but hopefully she’ll be leaving soon, and I’ll have the entire office to myself. I don’t like having to turn lights on, and keep my music low for other people. At least she’s nice, and doesn’t bother me.

I’ve been working about 7-4 all week, and It’s been working well for me. I’d like to go in a little earlier, but so far it hasn’t really happened. It’s been nice to actually see Steph everyday, and having a full weekend together is awesome. We’re gonna buy some bikes soon, so we can go riding a lot in the fall. And if all goes as planned, we’re gonna take a weekend trip down to OBX around the end of the month or early next month.

I’m starting to ramble my random thoughts again, so I think it’s time to end this. How is everyone else?