---
id: 13
title: 'Ramble on'
date: '2004-09-16T07:53:00-04:00'
author: DizkoDan
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.cyberjunx.com/blog/?p=13'
permalink: /2004/09/16/ramble-on/
ljID:
    - '351'
categories:
    - General
    - Linux
    - Technology
---

Been a while since I updated this thing, so I thought I’d say hi. Not a whole lot has been happening as of late. Work has been cool. I am basically the resident linux ninja now, which is both good and bad. Obviously it’s good because I am needed. It’s also bad, because I am needed. Luckily we don’t deal with production equipment much, so most of our machines are not critical. The only times I have pressure to get stuff done ASAP, is when someone is trying to do a demo (which has kept me here 12 hours one day, and 15 another day). I don’t really mind though, cuz I enjoy what I do.

Steph &amp; I went to Philly last weekend as a mini vacation. It was nice to spend more than a few hours there for once, and actually get to see the city. As usual, we walked A LOT. We have a problem using transportation on trips, and always end up walking miles and miles everyday. We took a tour on [The Big Bus](http://www.bigbus.co.uk/phila/html/phila_home.html) which was cool. It takes you all over town to the major attractions, with a guide who tells you about everything along the way. You can get on and off wherever you want throughout the day. It made it a lot easier to visit all the places we wanted to go in a single day. We stopped at the art museum, and the zoo. Both were cool, but overpriced in my opinion. I guess I’m just spoiled from living in the DC area. We stayed at an awesome hotel called sofitel. They are really big in Europe. There service was fantastic, and the hotel was beautiful.

Other than that, time is just flying by at an unbelievable pace. We finally bought some bikes, and have been trying to get out as much as possible. As soon as I get a rack for the car, we’ll start hitting the trails in the fall. I have been trying to make time to hang out with friends, but it’s been really hard to get together. I have zero interest in going out to clubs these days, which seems to be the same old meeting place. I think I need to have a party or something, to get everyone together.